add raw/text/text_common_de.pac
add raw/text/text_common_en.pac
add raw/text/text_common_es.pac
add raw/text/text_common_fr.pac
add raw/text/text_common_it.pac
add raw/text/text_common_ja.pac
add raw/text/text_common_ko.pac
add raw/text/text_common_pl.pac
add raw/text/text_common_pt.pac
add raw/text/text_common_ru.pac
add raw/text/text_common_zh.pac
add raw/text/text_common_zhs.pac
add raw/ui/ui_common.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_de.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_en.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_es.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_fr.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_it.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_ja.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_ko.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_pl.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_pt.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_ru.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_zh.pac
add raw/ui/ui_gamemodetitle_zhs.pac
add BossSelect.dll
add BossSelect.hmm
add mod.ini